Schedule reports docs update (#3860)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/dashboards/scheduled-report.md

To schedule a dashboard email report, do the following:

1. Navigate to the dashboard for which you want to create a schedule.
1. If the dashboard supports template variables, select values, if desired.
1. Click the kebab menu icon and select **Schedule Report**.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/dashboards-new/scheduled_reports/create_scheduled_report.png')} alt="create_scheduled_report" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="230"/>
1. Enter your preferences in the **Schedule Reports** popup.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/dashboards-new/scheduled_reports/scheduled_report.png')} alt="scheduled_report" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="600"/>
   * **Select report type**. Choose the format in which you would like to see the report (PDF or PNG).

>    * **Select variables**. If the dashboard supports template variables, select the values which you need the scheduled report for the dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * **Select variables**. If the dashboard supports template variables, select the values which you need for the scheduled report for the dashboard.
```

   * **Select Time Range**. Set the time range for the dashboard by selecting a predefined interval from a drop-down list or by choosing a recently used time range.

>    * **Select a frequency**. Choose the frequency with which the scheduled dashboard report to be sent from the available options: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * **Select a frequency**. Choose the frequency settings for the scheduled dashboard report: 
```

To schedule a dashboard email report, do the following:

1. Navigate to the dashboard for which you want to create a schedule.
1. Select or enter a time range for the dashboard.
1. If the dashboard supports template variables, select values, if desired.
1. Click the kebab menu and select **Create Schedule Report**. <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/dashboards-new/scheduled_reports/create_scheduled_report.png')} alt="Create Schedule Report option selected on the dropdown menu" width="200"/>
    :::info

>     The **Create Schedule Report** option appears only if you have edit permissions for the dashboard. You have edit permissions for all dashboards you create, and any dashboards have been [shared](/docs/dashboards/share-dashboard-new/) with you with edit permissions granted.

Reviewer 2: I think keeping some version of this would be helpful as it is still applicable.

Author: I retained the same info section.

1. Click **Schedule** to schedule the report.
1. (Optional) Click **Schedule New Report** to create multiple scheduled reports for the dashboard. By allowing multiple reports from a single dashboard, you can save time, reduce effort, and ensure the delivery of critical insights to your team members and stakeholders. With scheduled reports, you can keep everyone informed with daily updates for your operations team or monthly summaries for executive reviews.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/dashboards-new/scheduled_reports/scheduled_report_1.png')} style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} alt="scheduled_report_1>" width="600"/>

:::note
Scheduled reports are allowed to run for a maximum of five minutes. Any panel that has not completed running its queries at this time will have partial or empty data in the panel with an error message in the report.
:::

### Limitations

* Altering the template variables in dashboard will not update the scheduled report.
* You can enter up to 10 email addresses to which you want to send the dashboard.
* You can create a maximum of 20 scheduled reports for a dashboard.

## Edit a scheduled report

To update an existing a scheduled report dashboard email:

> 1. Navigate to the dashboard, then click the kebab menu and select **Edit Reports**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the dashboard, then click the kebab menu and select **Scheduled Reports**.
```

> 1. Click the kebab menu and select **Edit** against the required report. <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/dashboards-new/scheduled_reports/update_scheduled_report_1.png')} alt="update_scheduled_report" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="600"/>

Reviewer 2: Not sure if it's worth mentioning here, but the user can also double click the row to edit report.

Author: Added both the functions to edit the report.

1. Make your desired changes. When you're done, click **Update**. <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/dashboards-new/scheduled_reports/update_scheduled_report.png')} alt="update_scheduled_report" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="600"/>

:::note
- Toggle ON or OFF the status button to activate or deactivate the scheduled report.
:::

## Delete a scheduled report

To cancel a scheduled report:

> 1. Navigate to the dashboard, then click the kebab menu and select **Edit Reports**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the dashboard, then click the kebab menu and select **Scheduled Reports**.
```

1. Click the kebab menu and select **Delete** against the required report.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/dashboards-new/scheduled_reports/delete_scheduled_report_1.png')} alt="delete_scheduled_report" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="600"/>
1. In the popup window, click **Delete**. <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/dashboards-new/scheduled_reports/delete_scheduled_report.png')} alt="delete_scheduled_report" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="500"/>

> OR
> 
> 1. Navigate to the dashboard, then click the kebab menu and select **Edit Reports**.
> 1. Click the kebab menu and select **Edit** against the required report. <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/dashboards-new/scheduled_reports/update_scheduled_report_1.png')} alt="update_scheduled_report" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="600"/>
> 1. Click the down arrow next to the **Update** button, then click **Delete Report**. <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/dashboards-new/scheduled_reports/delete_scheduled_report_2.png')} alt="delete_scheduled_report" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="600"/>
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
This is no longer supported.

## Duplicate a Scheduled Report

To duplicate to an existing a Scheduled Report:

> 1. Navigate to the dashboard, then click the kebab menu and select **Edit Reports**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the dashboard, then click the kebab menu and select **Scheduled Reports**.
```

> 1. Click the kebab menu and select **Duplicate** against the required report.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/dashboards-new/scheduled_reports/duplicate_scheduled_report.png')} alt="update_scheduled_report" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="600"/>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Click the kebab menu and select **Save As...** against the required report.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/dashboards-new/scheduled_reports/duplicate_scheduled_report.png')} alt="update_scheduled_report" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="600"/>
```

> 1. Make your desired changes. When you're done, click **Update**. <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/dashboards-new/scheduled_reports/update_scheduled_report.png')} alt="update_scheduled_report" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="600"/>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Make your desired changes. When you're done, click **Schedule**. <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/dashboards-new/scheduled_reports/update_scheduled_report.png')} alt="update_scheduled_report" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="600"/>
```

> ## Subscribe to a Scheduled Report

Reviewer 2: One thing I think worth mentioning is the unsubscribe functionality, specifically that you will not be able to unsubscribe if you are the only recipient.

Not sure if that would be in this section or deserve it's own.

To subscribe to an existing a Scheduled Report:

> 1. Navigate to the dashboard, then click the kebab menu and select **Edit Reports**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the dashboard, then click the kebab menu and select **Scheduled Reports**.
```

1. Navigate to the dashboard for which you want to create a schedule.
1. Select or enter a time range for the dashboard.
1. If the dashboard supports template variables, select values, if desired.
1. Click the kebab menu and select **Scheduled Report**.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/dashboards-new/scheduled_reports/create_scheduled_report.png')} alt="create_scheduled_report" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="230"/>

> 1. Enter your preferences in the **Schedule Report** popup.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/dashboards-new/scheduled_reports/scheduled_report.png')} alt="scheduled_report" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="600"/>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Enter your preferences in the **Schedule Reports** popup.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/dashboards-new/scheduled_reports/scheduled_report.png')} alt="scheduled_report" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="600"/>
```

1. Navigate to the dashboard for which you want to create a schedule.
1. Select or enter a time range for the dashboard.
1. If the dashboard supports template variables, select values, if desired.
1. Click the kebab menu and select **Scheduled Report**.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/dashboards-new/scheduled_reports/create_scheduled_report.png')} alt="create_scheduled_report" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="230"/>
1. Enter your preferences in the **Schedule Report** popup.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/dashboards-new/scheduled_reports/scheduled_report.png')} alt="scheduled_report" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="600"/>
   * **Format.** Choose PDF or PNG.
   * **Frequency.** Choose Daily, Weekly, or Monthly.

>    * **Every:** The options depend on the Frequency you selected.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   * **Every.** The options depend on the Frequency you selected.
```

* You can create a maximum of 20 scheduled reports for a dashboard.

## Edit a Scheduled Report

To update an existing a Scheduled Report dashboard email:

1. Navigate to the dashboard, then click the kebab menu and select **Edit Reports**.
1. Click the kebab menu and select **Edit** against the required report. <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/dashboards-new/scheduled_reports/update_scheduled_report_1.png')} alt="update_scheduled_report" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="600"/>
1. Make desired changes and click **Update** to save them. <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/dashboards-new/scheduled_reports/update_scheduled_report.png')} alt="update_scheduled_report" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="450"/>

## Delete a Scheduled Report

To cancel a Scheduled Report:

1. Navigate to the dashboard, then click the kebab menu and select **Edit Reports**.
1. Click the kebab menu and select **Delete** against the required report.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/dashboards-new/scheduled_reports/delete_scheduled_report_1.png')} alt="delete_scheduled_report" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="600"/>

> 1. Click **Delete**. <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/dashboards-new/scheduled_reports/delete_scheduled_report.png')} alt="delete_scheduled_report" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="500"/>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. In the popup window, click **Delete**. <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/dashboards-new/scheduled_reports/delete_scheduled_report.png')} alt="delete_scheduled_report" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="500"/>
```
